commit b8642c6ed79f11d72fd864c3ad6605994bcf26ab
Author: ATCi-acn <59095061+ATCi-acn@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Fri Apr 24 12:18:49 2020 +0530

    DemoJob2

GitCommitId.txt
MasterFolder2/commitSrcFolder_161ef3358a3457dacca9af9d125b82dcfd38fe60/.scannerwork/.sonar_lock
MasterFolder2/commitSrcFolder_161ef3358a3457dacca9af9d125b82dcfd38fe60/.scannerwork/report-task.txt
MasterFolder2/commitSrcFolder_161ef3358a3457dacca9af9d125b82dcfd38fe60/development/views/pages/PhpCheck7_final_10th.php
assets/images/Screenshot (10).png
assets/images/Screenshot (11).png
assets/images/Screenshot (12).png
assets/images/Screenshot (13).png
assets/images/Screenshot (14).png
assets/images/Screenshot (15).png
assets/images/Screenshot (16).png
assets/images/Screenshot (17).png
assets/images/Screenshot (18).png
assets/images/Screenshot (19).png
assets/images/Screenshot (2).png
assets/images/Screenshot (3).png
assets/images/Screenshot (4).png
assets/images/Screenshot (5).png
assets/images/Screenshot (6).png
assets/images/Screenshot (7).png
assets/images/Screenshot (8).png
assets/images/Screenshot (9).png
assets/images/file1.txt
assets/images/image1.png
commitid.txt
content.txt
development/views/pages/jsFolder/File1.txt
development/views/pages/jsFolder/file1.js
development/views/pages/phpFolder/PhpCheck3.php
development/views/pages/phpFolder/PhpCheck3_final.php
development/views/pages/phpFolder/PhpCheck4_final.php
development/views/pages/phpFolder/PhpCheck5_final.php
development/views/pages/phpFolder/PhpCheck6_final.php
development/views/pages/phpFolder/PhpCheck6_final_8th.php
development/views/pages/phpFolder/README.md
development/views/pages/phpFolder/ROQLCheck.php
development/views/pages/phpFolder/ROQLCheck_test.php
development/views/pages/phpFolder/SampleDem.txt
development/views/pages/phpFolder/SampleDemo.js
development/views/pages/phpFolder/SampleDemo2.txt
development/views/pages/phpFolder/SampleDemo4.txt
development/views/pages/phpFolder/SampleDemo5.txt
development/views/pages/phpFolder/SampleDemo6.txt
development/views/pages/phpFolder/SampleDemo7.txt
development/views/pages/phpFolder/SampleDemo8.txt
development/views/pages/phpFolder/SiebelResources.txt
development/views/pages/phpFolder/file1.php
development/views/pages/phpFolder/file1.txt
development/views/pages/phpFolder/phpfilename.txt
othfilename.txt
phpfilename.txt
